# հայ օտակու

բարո՛վ եկաք հայերեն անիմեի ու մանգայի կայքի՝ ՀայՕտակուի կոդ ու ակտիվներ։
ներո՛ղ եղեք, որ շարունակությունն անգլերեն է։ «մասնագիտական» եզրույթներ իմանալ / չիմանալու հարց է։

## repo structure

was autogenerated with the react project. on the root level, there are 2 directories, and a quite standard set of files.

### public

contains the bare minimum - an autogenerated `index.html` for a react project, and a `favicon.ico`, which is a subject to change.

### src

contains the meat. the components on this level are either for structure or to set up routing. the actual, 'content' generating components are in the sub-dir `content`

* `App.js` is what gets mounted to the `../public/index.html` (through `index.js`), and thus can be thought of as the 'main', 'entry-point' component. Uses the ant design `<Layout />` component to return a structured set up with `<Header />`, `<Content />` and `< Footer />`.
  * sets up the all the routing through the `<Switch />` component and collecting the routes from the `<Manga />` and `<Anime />` components.

* `Disclaimer.js` is a simple component utilizing ant design to display an informative message. is used in the `<Footer />` of the `<App />` component.

* `Navigator.js` is a simple component utilizing ant design to display a simple, horizonal menu bar, that currently supports only single level of nesting. is used in the `<Content />` of the `<App />` component.

* `constants.js` contains all the information on the translated anime and manga required to access the actual enumerated data ( = the urls of the images and videos), as well as things like title, author, translators, etc. Each exported variable is an array of JSONs that follow a certain format.

heading to `src/content`...

### content

* section components:

  * `<Main/>`, `<Manga />` and `<Anime />` components, written in files with the same name, are what gets plugged into their respective routes in `<Navigator />`, as passed in in `<App />`. Their main functions are -

    * generate / accumulate more content-specific routes and their intended components, as this gets passed over to `<App />`. both `Anime.js` and `Manga.js` export a constant function `getRoutes()`.

    * allow for some rudimentary search functionality, within the displayed data.

    * plug in their respective `<Content />` component.

* shared components: `<Card />` and `<CompletedIndication />` are components both `<Anime />` and `<Manga />` components use within their content.

  * `<Card />` takes in data ( originally from `constants.js` ), and translates it into a neat `<table />` and couple of `<p />`, if applicable.

  * `<CompletedIndication />` takes in a boolean to return a stylized `<span />` indicating whether a piece of data is completed or not.

* data enumeration: there are two scripts included - `enumerate_data.py` and `update_data.sh`; the most backend-like thing in the entire application so far. Both are meant to automate what might have been a very tedious 'manual' labor otherwise. nothing too fancy just yet.

  * `enumerate_data.py` - simple python script that makes some assumptions. we believe it is well explained in the comments.

  * `update_data.sh` - even simpler bash script that removes the enumerated data files, runs the python script to re-create the enumerated data files, and runs the linter.

heading to `src/content/manga` and `src/content/anime`...

### manga

this is where the the dedicated manga components and data live. treat the `<Content />` component as an 'entry' point, and explore from there.

more detailed guide might be written eventually.

### anime

this is where the the dedicated anime components and data live. treat the `<Content />` component as an 'entry' point, and explore from there.

more detailed guide might happen eventually.

## style

most directories have a `sass` sub-directory, where required `.scss` files live. couple of rules to keep in mind:

* if a style must be confined to a component, it's the safest and easiest to give that component a `className` prop, have a dedicated `.scss` file that will define the style for the class, not for the tag.

* if a style must be universal across the website / applied to all tags, use `src/sass/index.scss` file.

* when using custom colors and sizes, define them as variables in `src/sass/index.scss` first.

## contributing

* feel free to contact @tado-mi with questions / suggestions

* check out the [projects board](https://github.com/high-otaku/webpage/projects), which is up-to-date.

* give your branches names in the format `feature/navigation-enhancement` or `fix/title-display`.

  * start your commit messages with the branch name: `feature(navigation-enhancement): added a second level of nesting to the menu bar.`

* please run `yarn standard --fix` for standardized linting. do not push anything / do not start a pr unless the linter is happy.

thank you for the thought of contributing!
