# src

contains the meat. the components on this level are either for structure or to set up routing. the actual, 'content' generating components are in the sub-directorues `header`, `content` and `footer`.

* `App.js` is what gets mounted to the `../public/index.html` (through `index.js`), and thus can be thought of as the 'main', 'entry-point' component. Return a structured component with the custom `<Header />`, antdesign `<Footer />` and  a react `<Switch />` with routes plugged in.

* `constants.js` contains all the information on the translated anime and manga required to access the actual enumerated data ( = the urls of the images and videos), as well as things like title, author, translators, etc. Each exported variable is an array of JSONs that follow a certain format.

* `router.js` generates and exports all the routes with their appropriate components.

* `functions.js` is not particularly meaningful at the moment, but is intended to store some context-independent functions to keep things standardized.

* `index.js` is the standard file generated by react.

## header

see the local [readme](./header/readme.md)

note also that the `<Header />` takes in both information on website sections, and two functions capable of altering the state of the `<App />`, which then either passes down to the content, or changes the classname of the classname of the `<body />`.

## content

see the local [readme](./content/readme.md)

* [anime](./content/anime/readme.md)
* [manga](./content/manga/readme.md)
* [util](./content/util/readme.md)

## footer

see the local [readme](./footer/readme.md)
